[docs] Use `colocation_id` when creating indexes in colocated databases that are xCluster replicated (#20559)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/architecture/docdb-sharding/colocated-tables.md

## xCluster and colocation

> xCluster is supported for colocated tables and indexes in v2.18.0 only via [yb-admin](../../../admin/yb-admin/). To set up xCluster for colocated tables, the `colocationid` for a given table or index needs to match on the source and target universes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
xCluster is supported for colocated tables and indexes in v2.18.0 only via [yb-admin](../../../admin/yb-admin/). To set up xCluster for colocated tables, the `colocation_id` for a given table or index needs to match on the source and target universes.
```

    CREATE TABLE <name> WITH (COLOCATION = true, COLOCATION_ID = 20000)
    ```

> 

Reviewer: Don't see colocation_id on syntax pages for either create index or create table - is that an oversight?

Author: It's needed, will be done as part of https://github.com/yugabyte/yugabyte-db/issues/20582
